[expo-network] Add expo-network unimodule (#5074)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/network.md

```js
await Network.getIpAddressAsync();
// "92.168.32.44"
```

### `Network.getMacAddressAsync(interfaceName?)`

Gets the specified network interface's Mac address. On Android, it requires [`android.permission.ACCESS_WIFI_STATE`](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/Manifest.permission#ACCESS_WIFI_STATE) permission to access available network interfaces.

#### Arguments (Android Only)

- **interfaceName (_string_)** -- A string representing interface name (`eth0`, `wlan0`) or `null`, meaning the method should fetch the MAC address of the first available interface. (On iOS this argument is ignored.) If undefined interface name passed in, the method would reject the promise with corresponding message.

#### Returns

A `Promise` that resolves to a `string` of the network adapter MAC address or `null` if there's no such address matching the interface. On web, the `Promise` resolves to `null`.

[Note from Apple](https://developer.apple.com/library/archive/releasenotes/General/WhatsNewIniOS/Articles/iOS7.html#//apple_ref/doc/uid/TP40013162-SW1): In iOS 7 and later, if you ask for the MAC address of an iOS device, the system returns the value `"02:00:00:00:00:00"`. 

> If you need to identify the device, use the `getIdentifierForVendorAsync()` method of the `expo-device` unimodule instead. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to identify the device, use the `getIosIdForVendorAsync()` method of the `expo-application` unimodule instead. 
```
